{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 http://www.piecesofeightcostumes.com/\
\
http://www.piecesofeightcostumes.com/partners\
\
https://www.facebook.com/PiecesOf8Costumes\
\
Handmade pirate costumes and renaissance clothing perfect for halloween parties and renaissance faires.\
\
\
Handmade pirate costumes and renaissance clothing. Top quality, period-authentic clothes that are made to last. Custom orders are available on all of the products. Perfect for parties or weddings.\
\
Handmade pirate costumes and renaissance clothing. Top quality, period-authentic clothes that are made to last. Custom orders are available on all of the products. Perfect for halloween parties, renaissance festivals or weddings.\
\
\
Handmade pirate costumes and renaissance clothing. These costumes are built to be worn and reused for years, making them perfect for your annual renaissance faires, halloween parties and weddings.  Custom orders are available on all products. Looking for a beautiful, romantic renaissance dress? Need a period-authentic pirate outfit? We'll work closely with you to make sure you get the costume you have always dreamed of owning.\
\
pirate costume, renaissance costume, halloween costumes, renaissance wedding, ladies pirate costume, custom costumes, handmade costumes\
\
---------\
verified on manta.com:\
1-866-237-8184\
1-800-270-7610\
code: mxf8sgq}